hey guys today we are on day three of my
tongue piercing
healing process not much has changed
really it when I woke up this morning is
actually it was kind of really sore uhm
I just cleaned it out and it's not sore
now I mean it felt like a little bit
sore but that's just part of the healing
process it's still pretty swollen the
swelling hasn't really gone down I don't
think this is what it looks like so I
don't think the swelling has really gone
down though um it does feel easier to
talk though but maybe that's just me
getting used to my list I don't know I
it's easier to eat now I've actually I
haven't really even been eating soft
foods like at all really I've kind of
been eating regular food I just take
really small bites and I just chew it
like on the side in my mouth I try not
to like touch my like to any with my
tongue and I am - very slowly and take
really small bites and just I'm just
really careful with it takes me a really
long time to eat I haven't been eating
big meals or anything but I have been
eating a regular food although I'm
trying to eat like not really hard hard
feeling awful my hot dogs and what it's
like eating biscuits um so not really
anything I really cry she you know but
it's still something other than that not
much has really changed it's pretty much
the same I've started um rinsing with
sea salt now sea salt and water because
I'm getting pretty low on my mouthwash
so I'm now like switching between the
sea salt and the mouthwash water mix um
just to change it up uh yeah that's
pretty much it I start
getting this like white ring around my
um piercing which i think is pretty
normal I think it's just part of the
healing process
I watched my other videos where other
people got the little white ring - I
think I'm not really quite sure exactly
what it is but I think it's just like
the bacteria or something or like the
pus that spurred the healing and
whatever and stuff so anyway it's what
we have except I'll update you tomorrow
also tomorrow is my eighth month dread
anniversary so yeah I'm going to make
that video - probably in the same video
unless you watch the in two different
videos I don't know but tomorrow is my
eighth month anniversary boom these
babies are going to be eight months old
okay so see you tomorrow guys